**Data Science Tutor**

This Streamlit app serves as a Data Science Tutor, providing assistance with data science queries using the Gemini model.

**Description**

The Data Science Tutor app utilizes the Google Generative AI (Gemini) model to generate responses to user queries related to data science. Users can input their data science questions, and the app will provide informative responses generated by the Gemini model.

**Setup**

Before running the app, make sure to set your Gemini API key by setting the GEMINI_API_KEY environment variable with your API key.

export GEMINI_API_KEY=Your_Gemini_API_Key
Alternatively, you can set the API key directly in the code:

os.environ["GEMINI_API_KEY"] = "Your_Gemini_API_Key"

**Usage**

Install the required dependencies using pip:
bash
Copy code
pip install streamlit google
Run the Streamlit app:
bash
Copy code
streamlit run data_science_tutor.py
Input your data science query in the provided text input field.
The app will generate a response using the Gemini model and display it in the app interface.

**Development**

This app is built using Streamlit, a Python library for creating interactive web apps for data science and machine learning projects. The Gemini model from Google Generative AI is used for generating responses to user queries.

**Contributions**

Contributions to the development and improvement of this app are welcome! Feel free to submit pull requests or raise issues if you encounter any bugs or have suggestions for enhancements.


